hi guys, there's a channel on the
fun and I'll show my farm
It's out there like this
there the car ramp there my grandmother one
door delivery to which they are best known
of food toys
let's go even room to see tv goin to
come small but this is from my house
much better way
it's good there
I'm not going to open yet but our house is
huge
Let's go to the kitchen.
I do not
here's the old tv here to our kitchen
where to wash clothes
Let's continue here is the fourth of
but it 's where I usually
Grandmother and my sister had the same purpose.
there the cabinets
here is the first bathroom
I'm in pool clothes, okay? It's beauty.
here is another room
that bigger group because it 's people
had a mattress changed my face
room I put here because I am the
drawers is where has my magazines
My mother, from my vain families.
clothes objects is 6 things in my
voice is the smallest I have panic
of my mother so in a movement, right?
people
here is the corridor and here is to light the
hall light with joy for
people who smoke are not difficult
relief
here is the case my mother has
switch here and the switch
here is my mother's bed my father
the closet was mine this closet is so
that you can see is full of stickers
from this side up - he 's mine and mine.
sister
the bathroom is that they are in a
bathtub is the old boxing the door
Actually, his face is
we have a lot of
There my father is doing a pergola there.
underneath the pool that is already
Show
there is a little house teaching the condominium
We're going this way to the window and
should here too
oh great crap could not open the
door and we go for the same people
can go down the ramp or through the
Let's see if by then
the law for retirement he is a neighbor
that the garage people close the Basque
look, teach
here and there are the ladders that are the banks
I also do not go.
to descend all that there our property
there is the field
I can not see
Wow, it was bad, did we have any?
thing on my leg
down there're the dog business there
It will not do that it will do more
The ping pong table is really good.
Something in me, people, we're going to climb.
there has nothing in me formula
slipper is better than my foot
encourage and there to light the lines
it us then that's what